
Good evening Joshua,

Following the call this afternoon and your request, please find below  my understanding of the 2 CRs to be built




From your confluence page, https://confluence.techcombank.com.vn/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=225794899    i see the 2 items which needs to be developed and we need to give an estimate on.

(I attach the user stories and a screenshot as CY does not have access to Confluence)

1. CR - 0018	
CORP	Service	GTS: change flows, several SLAs, entitlements, milestones, notifications, escalation...	GTS users can not use service for case management.

There is no link to any confluence page giving exactly the requirements they want to change.
Salesforce is  expected to give an estimate  on a one liner: "change flows, several SLAs, entitlements, milestones, notifications, escalation..."
in my view it is not enough to assess the effort.

HP mentioned that she aligned with business. SF Service built team was not in any of those calls. We have no knowledge of was exactly aligned, decided.

Salesforce is taking a very big risk on being requested to provide estimate on just a one line of requirement. it could take 1 week, it could take 6 weeks.

As a reminder, the original "flows, SLAs, entitlements, milestones, notifications, escalations" stories in MVP1 took 3 sprints to complete.

I see as well a date which seems already committed on Confluence by the PMs: 14 Nov 2022.
As a salesforce architect, I would not agree to commit on that date and even start a sprint to build something without even having received the requirements in writing to understand what needs to be completed, clarified, validated.

I have not seen any user stories in confluence defining the complete requirements for the changes to be done. And we are expected to start the sprint next week.


2.CR-0037

Extract:

"GTS value selection - It's not change request . Our requirement was raised at the beginning of design (13/05/2022) and get confirmed it's out of the box function
Scenario:
CCC Agent is the user received request from customer. He create a new case that use Service Catalog. But after choose the value in Topic-Category and Subcategory-Item, the In charge Unit field auto displays value “GTS Service” - so this case will be transfer owner to GTS Service. In GTS Service we use skill based routing to route case to specific user based on the value in Topic-Category and Subcategory-Item (follow GTS Catalog) – which is need to chosen by CCC Agent."

TCB business impact
Business impact:
Automatic "assignment flow from CCC to GTS not run. GTS user must go to queue and update catalog manually  =>don't meet end user expectation ( now weblog can assign to person in charge automatically)=> Can't adopt end user
GTS and CCC will need to continue keep offline communication ( email) to  process case"

business impact given by TCB (whoever wrote those lines) is incorrect.

user does not have to update catalog manually, case assignment and routing is running automatically.


Salesforce architect business impact version

refactor case assignment flow for new picklists fields
refactor omni channel routing
add validation rules to page layouts
add 4 new dependent picklist for GTS catalog values to page layouts
remove GTS catalog values from existing 4 dependent picklists
refactor custom automation to route case from Service to GTS queue based on new GTS picklist values fields and in charge unit = GTS Servic


A. per the user stories requirements (signed off by TCB and Salesforce)

PS8.SR3.1.02 Create case manually
PS8.SR.4.1.02 Create case manually


We used out of the box functionality (as requested by TCB) in order to have 2 types of case records:

case created by Service
Case created by GTS Service

This standard approach allows to filter picklist values to be displayed in the case based on the type of cases
This is what we understood from the  2 user stories above.

No mention of this change was done by TCB during 7 sprints sprint demo and access to the  demo sandboxes after each sprint.


B. Request which came up at the end of the UAT


picklists values for GTS catalog and service catalog must be on the same page layout

there must be a set of 5 level dependent picklists fields for Service Catalog
there must be a set of 4 level dependent picklists field for GTS Service Catalog
(SF platform does not even support that level of dependent picklists)

- an agent from Service must be able to create a case.
- he makes the selections first for the Service catalog dependent picklists

If in  the picklist field "in charge unit", "GTS Service"  is selected, he must select values in the 4 dependent picklists fields for GTS catalog

a validation rule must not allow the agent to save the case if the values are not selected.

when the  agent saves the case, case routing to GTS queues is  done (this part is built)


the issue is ion the routing and case assignment process.

at present , the flows look in the 4 existing picklists  in order to check for the criteria which will  assign or route correctly the case record.
(example)

the change would require top refactor the flows to look up in different picklist fields depending on the type opf cases.

Reading the 2 user stories above, I can not see anywhere something similar which is described in the user story requirements.

it is correct that creating  4 new fields on a page layout is possible.

but in that case we have the work which was done during 2 sprints in terms of omni channel routing and case assignment to refactor.


I have not seen any user stories in confluence defining the complete requirements for the changes to be done. and we are expected to start the sprint next week.

the 2 original user stories do not describe all this requirements
PS8.SR3.1.02 Create case manually
PS8.SR.4.1.02 Create case manually


even if you think you can find the requirements in the user stories above, we did not . and  we will need a revised and validated version in order to build a single time the change.
but it my view, i can not even find the beginning in the user stories


Summary

- I do not think it is reasonable to plan a sprint for the upcoming week without having defined and received from TCB written requirements which are validated and finalized.

- for both CR-0018 and CR-0037, we will need to have in Confluence, the complete written requirements to start the built in order to minimize delays and optimize the sprint build time.



Hope it clarifies the  topics covered.


Best,


















2 GTS requirements


CR - 0018
- Flows,
- SLA,
- Entitlement,
- milestones,
- Notification,
- Escalations

on the spreadsheet, we are given this link 

https://confluence.techcombank.com.vn/display/~tranglb

I do not see any requirement on that link in order to be able to conduct a Build



task 
003N000001vICe9IAG

001N0000027IFa2IAG
